Shri Mataji has a big following in Turkey.
Healthy Life Association members are
Her representatives in Turkey.
Since 3 years this association is trying
to spread Sahaja Yoga in Turkey.
Everyone has a hidden energy inside.
This energy resides in a triangler bone.
When this enegy gets awakened, it passes through
the six centers in the nervous system
and comes out through
the seventh center in the head.
Then it connects with the Cosmos
and with God.
Our aim is to awaken this energy.
The meaning of Sahaja Yoga is to connect
with the Power of God`s Love.
The main aim is to awaken
the energy called Kundalini.
According to Shri Mataji, Turks are
very close to spirituel enligtenment.
Turks come from sufis.
First of all, they have to
get their realization.
If they get realization,
they can cope with everything.
Shri Mataji says that the only way
to understand Sahaja Yoga is
to enter into the state of meditation
and She takes us in front.
The master of meditation says that
the holy air that permeates
the Universe exists also around the people.
According to Her teaching, to feel a breez
e is a step towards realization.
You feel very peacefull with in,
absolutely peacefull.
Shri Mataji, the symbol of Sahaja Yoga,
is leaving Istanbul on Sunday
but the Healthy Life Association keeps
Shri Mataji`s  teaching,
giving lessons in their centers in
Istanbul and Ankara.
Indian Yoga master Shri Mataji
came to Istanbul for a seminar.
There are many followers of 78 years old Shri Mataji`s system
of awakening the energy in people, i.e. realization in Turkey
When you are born,
you have an energy inside you.
This energy resides in the triangle bone
at the base of the spine.
Thousands of years ago,
people do know about this bone.
Neither do they know that they have
an energy inside this bone.
When this energy awakens,
it passes through the six energy centers
in the parasympathetic nervous system
and above our head,
it connects us to all pervading power called Ruh.
Among Shri Mataji`s followers in Turkey,
there are many famous people.
Shri Mataji says that Turks are simple and relaxed.
Wonderful people,
I would say they are maybe among the best.
Shri Mataji says that Turkey will easily come out
of the economic crisis it is currently in.
First of all, by the grace of God,
then thanks to realiazed souls
and there are many realiazed souls in Turkey,
people will find again happiness
and peace within and without.
Shri Mataji says that people find
purity and truth in Her,
She has some warnings to the
Economy Minister Kemal Dervish.
I have seen his photograph,
he is very hard working
but I think,he should be a little more relaxed
because working too hard is harmful to
the heart and makes it tired.
He should pay attention to himself
because he is a very precious person.
Shri Mataji also gives realization to us
that is She awakens our inner energy.
You will be understand, what is all these,
your hands are  speaking.